AwsLambda Preview: Prefixed deployments support in the sample (#4978)
Particular/docs.particular.net: samples/previews/aws-lambda/sqs/sample.md

INFO: It is not possible at this stage to use the AWS .NET Mock Lambda Test Tool to run the sample locally.

> INFO: This section assumes a single deployemnt of the sample per AWS Account. The [side-by-side deployments](#side-by-side-deployments) section describes how to deploy multiple instnaces of the sample under the same account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
INFO: This section assumes a single deployment of the sample per AWS Account. The [side-by-side deployments](#side-by-side-deployments) section describes how to deploy multiple instances of the sample under the same account.
```
